i was brought up in a very happy
household
although i knew i was adopted it was
nothing
that was my mum i didn't know anything
else she was my mum
mum and dad trying for family but wasn't
successful so they went to see
the priest and the priest put them in
touch with the adoption agency in
southport
southport liverpool a lot of irish
ladies came over
for the adoption so i've made up this
story that she was an irish lady
she came over had me and um
probably went back to ireland what are
you hoping to take from this
this entire experience and if we're able
to
hand over information how would that
affect your life
probably a bit of a cliche but will
probably make me feel complete
and if my birth mom she was alive
just you know just that would be
wonderful
it's quite exciting now thinking how is
this gonna go what we're gonna find out
how often do you think about your
biological mum
i think
on my birthday
yeah because i always used to think
if nothing else she would have thought
yeah
i gave birth on that day
you would would you
yeah it wouldn't mean something
so you've thought about her every single
birthday yeah
just quietly to myself
[Music]
so it's probably going to come as no
surprise but you come back as
93 irish and this was a period of time
when it was incredibly difficult
um contraception was illegal in ireland
abortion was illegal
even adoption was illegal in ireland
and so there was about two thousand
women a year
coming over from ireland often to places
like liverpool because it's one of the
the nearest ports
where they could put the children for
adoption so you were definitely not
alone so definitely your parents are
irish
so i know that you were
particularly interested in finding your
birth mom
we got lucky so
your birth mom is bridget bridget
has two children so
you have got younger half siblings
just got one question
she's still alive she is she is
no
your mum's still alive oh flippy and
that
she lives in ireland she's in a care
home she's got dementia
but she's alive and they're looking
after her
and actually your siblings are really
excited to meet you and actually they've
written you a letter and they've asked
me to pass it on
dear margaret hope this letter finds you
safe and well we are overjoyed to
discover
we have a sister we are sad that our
mother
kept you a secret all of these years our
mother was a very bubbly
outgoing person and loved her bright
colours
she read a lot and liked the game of
bingo
we are glad to hear you had a happy
childhood
and made a good life for yourself we are
all
looking forward to meeting you
welcome you into
it's lovely it's just beyond words
you know birth mom's still alive
how amazing is that i wanted to know if
she had a good life and i know she has
now so that's that's great
yes so that's really good
[Music]
i spoke to my sister first and we were
on the phone for
i think nearly an hour i said i've
always wanted a sister
and she said i've always wanted a sister